ATR-584: Add and update diagnostic descriptions (#384)
Acumatica/Acuminator: docs/diagnostics/PX1036.md

| Code   | Short Description                                 | Type  | Code Fix    | 
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------- | ----- | ----------- | 

> | PX1036 | The DAC must have one primary key which should be named `PK`. The class containing DAC foreign keys should be named `FK`. The single unique key in the DAC should be named `UK`. All unique keys in the DAC should be declared in a public static class named `UK`. | Warning (ISV Level 3: Informational) | Available | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| PX1036 | The DAC must have one primary key which should be named `PK`. The class containing DAC foreign keys should be named `FK`. The single unique key in the DAC should be named `UK`. If the DAC has multiple unique keys they should be declared in a public static class named `UK`. | Warning (ISV Level 3: Informational) | Available | 
```

## Diagnostic Description

> The diagnostic checks the correct naming of a primary, foreign, and unique key field declarations in DACs. For a primary key, the name should be `PK`. For a foreign key, the name should be `FK`. For a unique key, the name should be `UK`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagnostic checks the correct naming of a primary, foreign, and unique key field declarations in DACs. For a primary key, the name should be `PK`. For a foreign key, the name can be arbitrary but the key should be declared in a public static class called `FK`. For a single unique key, the name should be `UK`. Multiple unique keys in the DAC can have arbitrary names but they must be declared in a public static class called `UK`.
```

The warning is shown only for DACs that have the `PXCacheName` or `PXPrimaryGraph` attribute.
The diagnostic does not check abstract DACs and DACs which have only unbound DAC properties (fully-unbound DACs used for custom popups and filters for inquiry forms).

The diagnostic also checks the declaration and implementation of a unique key by the following rules:
 - A single unique key in a DAC declaration must have the name `UK`.
 - Multiple unique keys can have arbitrary names but they must be declared inside a public static class named `UK`.

>  - Primary and unique key declarations cannot have the same set of fields.

Reviewer: it is checked by the PX1035 diagnostic
```suggestion
```

>  - There cannot be a unique key declaration without a primary key declaration. You should turn at least one unique key into a primary key. Acuminator searches for an appropriate candidate for a primary key amoung the DAC key fields by the following rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Primary key differs from unique keys only by its name 'PK'. The DAC should not have any unique key declarations without a primary key declaration. Acuminator searches for an appropriate candidate for a primary key among the DAC unique keys. If a suitable unique key is found Acuminator will suggest to turn it into a primary key. If no appropriate unique keys are found Acuminator will report warning for PX1033 diagnostic (no explicit primary key declaration in a DAC). The search is performed by the following rules:
```

>    - If there is one key field in the DAC, Acuminator suggests to turn it into a primary key named `PK` by renaming and optionally changing its location to make it a first DAC's type member. This is actual for unique keys which are not direct DAC type members because they are declared in the `UK` container class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If there is a suitable unique key in the DAC, Acuminator suggests to turn it into a primary key named `PK` by renaming it and optionally changing its location to make it a first DAC's type member. This is actual for unique keys which are not direct DAC type members because they are declared in the nested `UK` container class.
```

>    - If there is no appropriate unique key, Acuminator shows an error indicating the missing primary key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If there is no appropriate unique key, Acuminator shows an error for PX1033 diagnostic indicating the missing primary key.
```

> To fix the issue, change the name of the primary key class to `PK`, change the name of the class that contains foreign key classes to `FK`, and declare unique keys as described in the rules above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix the issue, change the name of the primary key class to `PK`, make sure that all foreign key classes are declared in a public static class called `FK`, and declare unique keys as described in the rules above.
```

> The code fix suggests that the developer does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code fix suggests to do the following:
```

>  - Change the name of the primary key class to `PK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Change the name of a suitable unique key class to `PK` if there is no primary key class declaration in the DAC 
```

>  - Change the name of the foreign key to `FK`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Place all foreign keys in a public static class named 'FK'.
```

 - Change the name of the single unique key to `UK`
 - Place all unique keys in a public static class named `UK`
 
For foreign keys, the diagnostic searches for a public static class named `FK`. There could be three possible outcomes:
 - The `FK` class is not found. Then the diagnostic suggests to generate it and move all DAC foreign keys there.
 - The `FK` class is found and it is public and static. The diagnositc suggests to move all DAC foreign key declarations which are not already inside the `FK` class into the found class.

>  - The `FK` class is found but it is not declared correctly (not public or static). In this case, the diagnositc does not suggest a code fix..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `FK` class is found but it is not declared correctly (not public or static). In this case, the diagnositc does not suggest a code fix.
```

| Code   | Short Description                                 | Type  | Code Fix    | 
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------- | ----- | ----------- | 
| PX1036 | The DAC must have one primary key, which should be named `PK`. The class containing DAC foreign keys should be named `FK`. The single unique key in the DAC should be named `UK`. If the DAC has multiple unique keys, they should be declared in a public static class named `UK`.  | Warning (ISV Level 3: Informational) | Available | 

## Diagnostic Description
The diagnostic checks the correct naming of primary, foreign, and unique key field declarations in DACs. For a primary key, the name should be `PK`. For a foreign key, the name can be arbitrary but the key should be declared in a public static class called `FK`. For a single unique key, the name should be `UK`. Multiple unique keys in the DAC can have arbitrary names but they must be declared in a public static class called `UK`.
The warning is shown only for DACs that have the `PXCacheName` or `PXPrimaryGraph` attribute.

> The diagnostic does not check abstract DACs and or DACs which that have only unbound DAC properties (fully-unboundfully unbound DACs used for custom popups pop-ups and filters for inquiry forms).

Reviewer: @EAndrosova fully-unbondfully unbound sound quite strange

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagnostic does not check abstract DACs and or DACs which that have only unbound DAC properties (fully-unbound DACs used for custom pop-ups and filters for inquiry forms).
```

> | PX1036 | The DAC primary key should be named `PK`. The class containing DAC foreign keys should be named `FK`.  | Warning (ISV Level 3: Informational) | Available | 

Reviewer: No info about Unique Keys

## Diagnostic Description

> The diagnostic checks the correct naming of a primary and foreign key field declarations in DACs. For a primary key, the name should be `PK`. For a foreign key, the name should be `FK`.

Reviewer: There is no information regarding Unique Keys and coding conventions for them

The warning is shown only for DACs that have the `PXCacheName` or `PXPrimaryGraph` attribute.
The diagnostic does not check abstract DACs and DACs which have only unbound DAC properties (fully-unbound DACs used for custom popups and filters for inquiry forms).

To fix the issue, change the name of the primary key class to `PK`, and change the name of the class that contains foreign key classes to `FK`.

> The code fix suggests that the developer changes the name of the primary key class to `PK`, and the name of the foreign key to `FK`.

Reviewer: This is incorrect. For foreign keys the fix will search for public static FK class and there are three possible outcomes:
- The FK class is not found. Then it is generated and **all** DAC foreign keys are moved there
- The FK class is found and it is public and static. Move all DAC foreign keys declarations which are not already inside FK class into it.
- The FK class is found but it's not declared correctly (not public or not static). No code fix in this case

Reviewer: No code fix description for UK
